Address @jtraglia's comments regarding Electra code (#14833)
prysmaticlabs/prysm: changelog/radek_electra-nits.md

### Fixed

- Fixed incorrect Electra attester slashing length checks.

### Changed

- Modified `ProcessConsolidationRequests` to match the specification.

> - Changed order of `aggregate` and `selection_proof` in `AggregateAttestationAndProofElectra` protobuf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed proto field ID of `aggregate` and `selection_proof` in `AggregateAttestationAndProofElectra` protobuf.
```

Author: I have a new changelog fragment now. Do you want me to mention this item?
